♪♪ [ Playing solo ]
[ Applause ]
♪♪ [ Orchestra ]
♪ Boy ♪
♪ Whatcha gonna say there, gate? ♪
♪ Oh, boy ♪
♪ Palomar, shalomar,
Swanee shore ♪
♪ Let me dig
this jive once more ♪
♪ Boy ♪
♪ Lay it right on down to the gator ♪
♪ Oh, boy ♪
♪ Gotta lay it flat as a gator ♪
♪ Now, can't you hear
those hepcats call? ♪
♪ Come on, boys
Let's have a ball ♪
♪ The Jim, jam, jump
if you jump and jive ♪
♪ Makes you dig your jive on
the mellow side Hep, hep ♪
♪ Hip, hip ♪
♪ The Jim, jam, jump
is the solid jive ♪
♪ Makes you 9 foot tall when
you're 4 foot 5 Hep, hep ♪
♪ Hip, hip ♪
♪ Now, don't you be that ickeroo ♪
♪ Get hep, come on
and then you follow through ♪
♪ You get your steady, fool ♪
♪ You make the joint jump
like the gators do ♪
♪ The Jim, jam, jump
is the jumpin' jive ♪
♪ Makes you like your eggs
on the Jersey side Hep, hep ♪
♪ Hep, hep
The Jim, jam, jumpin' jive ♪
♪ Makes you hep, hep
on the mellow side ♪
♪ Now, I've told you
about the jumpin' jive ♪
♪ The Jim, jam, jump jumpin' jive ♪
♪ You got to dig this mellow jive ♪
♪ Yes, yes, you dig it
on the mellow side ♪
♪ [ Scatting ]
♪♪ [ Repeat Scatting ]
♪♪ [ Scats ]
♪♪ [ Orchestra Rests ]
♪♪ [ Orchestra Resumes ]
Everybody dance!
♪ My, my, my
Ain't that somethin'? ♪
Where's my hat? ♪
♪ My, my, my
Heart's a-thumpin' ♪
♪ I ain't seen nothin'
that looks like that ♪
♪ My, my, my my jumpin' ♪
♪ My, my, my
Just like that ♪
♪ My, my, my, my jumpin' ♪
♪ Well, I'm jumpin' to the
rumba and I'm jumpin' to the side ♪
♪ It really
walks It really talks ♪
♪ It really moves around ♪
♪ Lucky me
Who thought I'd be? ♪
♪ We're gonna figure it out ♪
♪ Oi, oi, oi ♪
♪ My, my
Ain't that somethin'? ♪
♪ Hear me shout ♪
♪ My, my
Ain't that somethin'? ♪
♪ Ain't that somethin'
to shout about? ♪